---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-12-18
labels:
---
1. What was accomplished in the project as compared to what was planned?
Honestly, having not really been too confident in my JavaScript coding skills, I tried to find the most minimalist ways to finish code. I had to rely on getting help from a ton of my classmates, but not to the point that I thought I would have to when I first started, I was able to understand most of the code I was writing and I did not have to double-check myself when typing it out.
 
2.  Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
 	A bug that is still occurrent is the use of nodes in my project. My website can run its pages individually but cannot run on the server completely due to a bug that I have yet to squash. Other problems might include some minor falls that came with transferring code from Assignment 2 to Assignment 3, which include some weird numbers and JavaScript labeling that came out weird on my invoice file.
  
3. What was your biggest project risk and how was it managed?
 I believe that my biggest project risk was honestly time management. At the start, I knew that this project required a lot of time, especially when it came to searching for what I needed. I managed this by splitting up the last 3 weeks of class into dedicated sections. Week 1 was mainly spent looking at youtube videos and reviewing possible code that I might use. Week 2 and half of Week 3 was spent doing the actual coding, while the time leading up to this moment was largely spent debugging.

4. hat is your assessment of the overall quality of the system?
 Admittingly, my system does not work as well as I wanted, as, for some reason that I have not been able to find it, it is not able to run effectively. I hope to find out why leading into these next couple of days.
 
5. What is needed before this system can be placed into operation?
 For me, my code needs a certain fix in the JavaScript Server file in order to fully be placed into operation. I have messed around with the other files and they seem to work correctly, it is just the server file that I am having the most issues with.

6. Describe what you are most proud of about this project:
I am most proud of the foundations I made with the project, which included the basis of Assignments 1 and 2. I feel as though since we got the most time to work and improve upon them, we got to spend more time working to make it our best.
 
7. Describe what you are least happy with this project:
 Admittingly, I had hoped to be able to fix my server file before the deadline, but I was not able to. For this project, my biggest disappointment was that I was unable to do so.
 
8. Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. "I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization"):
As I previously mentioned, I divided the last 3 weeks into 3 sections. The first phase was mainly spent researching, but I would say that took up 40% of my time on the project. The coding, which I spent a good week and a half on, I would say took up 50% of my time. This time, I only spent 10% of my time on the debugging part, which is what I regret, as I wanted to spend more time on it to hopefully get it up.
