---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 2 Reflection
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-12-01
labels:
---

Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
For this assignment, we expanded on assignment 1 by personalizing it with a new login page and a new registration page. The core of this assignment stemmed from the server’s ability to store user information and use it to redirect certain users to a specified page. 

Use this link for more information: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html

What did you learn from this assignment?
In expanding on what we learned in the previous labs, I feel like I was able to learn more about how servers stored data using JSON files and how to use that data to personalize websites and the accompanying javascript that comes with it.
Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
I did not work with a partner but I relied on a lot of people on their input when it came to code. Philip Noh personally helped me with checking what I did wrong and make sure I had everything up to what it needed to be.
How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
I needed a lot of help when it came to the code of JavaScript I needed for my server when updating it to include the registration page and the login page. I got help by contacting my classmates and making sure I got the code in a couple days before It was due, in the case I had more questions, which I, of course, did.
How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
This assignment was vastly different from assignment 1, as it felt like we were not working with as much HTML or CSS. We were tasked with building a website in our first assignment, so in this one, we worked with JavaScript to personalize and improve our website.
Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
If I were to estimate the amount of time I spent on this project, I would say that it was well over 12 hours just trying to find errors in my code and making the code itself. In terms of how much time I spent thinking about how to do something, that was a major chunk of starting out. I would say maybe a good 30% of my time was spent planning. While it was a major part, writing the code took up most of the time, maybe at around 40%. Then with testing and debugging, while it was more gruesome, I believe I spent the same amount of time on it as I did thinking about the code.
Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
I think for me, what worked really well was the encouragement of working together with other students to complete the assignment. This allowed me to get help from my classmates when I needed to and give them help whenever I could.  I guess what did not work too well for me was the time we had to work on Assignment 2 after we finished Assignment 1. It was nothing to do with the class at all, I just felt overwhelmed by the midterms and other assignments I had for my other classes.
If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
I would definitely start off by spending more time on my server javascript file. I feel like I spent more time fixing and coding my other files when most of my errors seemed to come from my server file, which I spent most of my debugging on.


