---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Introduction
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-08-29
labels:
---
BrowserHistory1, was without a doubt, the hardest WOD assigned to us this week. I knew how to do some parts of what it was asking, but when I started my first try, I found myself stopping constantly to search up how to write certain tags on w3schools. In total, it took me about 5 tries. This is excluding the time I forgot to record altogether and the times I had trouble with using OBStudios. On my first try, I was not able to meet the DNF time. But in all honestly, even if I somehow managed to scrape by the time limit, I would not have uploaded it out of pure embarrassment. Most of it was spent searching up for answers. For me, I forgot how to add internal linking to the page’s different sections, so I had to spend some time reading up on how to do that. However, over the next couple of hours, as I took mini-breaks to read up on what certain tags did and why we needed it, I was finally able to complete it on average time on my fifth try.

From what I have learned from this WOD, my advice would be to always try it out first without referring to the screencast! Honestly, while it is tempting to just head straight to the answers, I found that knowing what to search up and being able to find what you need is knowledge in itself, and is something we all need as MIS majors.

BrowserHistory2 was not as bad for me. I completed it on my first try, but tried it again just to see if I can get under the average time. Sure enough, on my second shot at it, I was able to make it in under 10 minutes. It was nowhere near perfect, however, I am glad that I took the chance to do it again. On my first try, I had to review my google fonts and how to implement them along with how to apply inline images. I spent a good two minutes in my first screen recording trying to do so. That’s why on my second try, I was able to just breeze through that section.

My advice would be to always try to best yourself! While it may not seem like it is worth the time at first, you can learn a lot from what you did wrong the first time and even improve on it.

For me, BrowserHistory3 was something I had to spend a lot of time preparing for. I marked it down as only four tries, but having read the instructions before trying it out, I was able to get a good idea of the codes I needed to use and what I needed to do. However, this took up a lot of time. This was the WOD I spent the most time on. After my first try, I had to constantly refer back to w3schools, especially when it came to the padding issues and fixing up the navigation bar. In my first try, I went over 20 minutes. The same is the case for my second try, as I spent most of it searching through w3schools to fix the padding issues. By my third and fourth try, after having learned from my mistakes, I was able to use the class and id properties with confidence, to the point where I am now satisfied with my time.

For incoming students, I really recommend reading through the WOD instructions beforehand! While it may be more time consuming, it is worth it in the end. My tries would have definitely been in the double digits had I not taken the time to do research on w3schools. If not, you will be spending most of your attempts in frustration and searching through the web for the answers.
