---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E3
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-08-29
labels:
---
For BrowserHistory 6, we used what we learned in our previous three browser history projects to make a more interactive web page out of the one we created. 
This included buttons that linked to different pages detailing the different browsers and their history in addition to a mouse over image. 
Overall, I really enjoyed this WOD. I enjoy doing most of them, but this was the first time I put javascript to actual use. I had already used HTML & CSS before, so experiencing something new was exciting for me. However, I did have a problem implementing the browser image and the navigation bar buttons. To prepare for this one, I did what I did for the previous WODs in that I looked over this week’s and last week’s modules. To prepare differently for this one, I had to do more research on javascript coding, as it was something I did not feel comfortable heading into that blind.

I really feel like I could have prepared more for this WOD by reading more into Javascript. I got stuck a couple of times and had to use w3schools as a resource. Next time, in addition to the research I will do, I will always have 23schools already open in case I need it.

For Invoice1, we had to create a product invoice for purchase of five products. We used a lot more javascript in this WOD then we did previously. We mainly worked with document write and variable declarations. Overall, the hardest part of this assignment was dealing with the table. Being able to create the table simply by copying the WOD was the most satisfying part, but for me I had difficulty dealing with the script tag part. It was more tedious than anything, as I had to constantly get back to see if I placed the script tag in the right place. To prepare for this one, I practiced the previous WOD and a couple times to make sure I fully understood what we needed to do. To prepare differently, I honestly feel like I should have studied the previous material, especially how to set up a table using HTML, as that was something I definitely had trouble remembering.


